feat: unify mimirtool authentication options and add extra-headers support to all MimirClient commands (#10179)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/tools/mimirtool.md

For Mimirtools to interact with Grafana Mimir, Grafana Enterprise Metrics, Prometheus, or Grafana, set the following environment variables or CLI flags.

| Environment variable  | Flag              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------  | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `MIMIR_ADDRESS`       | `--address`       | Sets the address of the API of the Grafana Mimir cluster.                                                                                                                                        |

> | `MIMIR_API_USER`      | `--user`          | Sets the basic auth username. If this variable is empty and `MIMIR_API_KEY` is set, the system uses `MIMIR_TENANT_ID` instead. If you're using Grafana Cloud, this variable is your instance ID. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MIMIR_API_USER`      | `--user`          | Sets the basic authentication username. If this variable is empty and `MIMIR_API_KEY` is set, the system uses `MIMIR_TENANT_ID` instead. If you're using Grafana Cloud, this variable is your instance ID. |
```

Author: Adjusted as mentioned.

> | `MIMIR_API_KEY`       | `--key`           | Sets the basic auth password. If you're using Grafana Cloud, this variable is your API key.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MIMIR_API_KEY`       | `--key`           | Sets the basic authentication password. If you're using Grafana Cloud, this variable is your API key.                                                                                                      |
```

Author: Adjusted as mentioned.

> | `MIMIR_TENANT_ID`     | `--id`            | Sets the tenant ID of the Grafana Mimir instance that Mimirtools interacts with.                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MIMIR_TENANT_ID`     | `--id`            | Sets the tenant ID of the Grafana Mimir instance that Mimirtool interacts with.                                                                                                                 |
```

Author: Adjusted as mentioned.

> | `MIMIR_EXTRA_HEADERS` | `--extra-headers` | Extra headers to add to the requests in header=value format. Flag can be specified multiple times. Env value must be newline separated                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MIMIR_EXTRA_HEADERS` | `--extra-headers` | Extra headers to add to the requests in header=value format. You can specify this flag multiple times. You must newline separate environment values.                                                           |
```

Author: Adjusted as mentioned.
